Nuitka stand alone executables (#296)
iBridges-for-iRODS/iBridges-GUI: README.md

  ```bash
  python ibridgesgui/__main__.py
  ```

 ## Building Executables

We offer build scripts in case you would like to compile iBridges and distribute the executable.

```
python3 build_tools/build_script.py -h

usage: build_script.py [-h] [--debug_exe] [--rem_venv]
                       [--code_folder CODE_FOLDER] [--ui_folder UI_FOLDER]
                       [--icons_folder ICONS_FOLDER] [--venv VENV]

iBridges-Gui exe creator.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --debug_exe           Build executable with debug console
  --rem_venv            remove virtual environment
  --code_folder CODE_FOLDER
                        Full path to the directory with code
  --ui_folder UI_FOLDER
                        Full path to the directory with ui files
  --icons_folder ICONS_FOLDER
                        Full path to the directory with the icons
  --venv VENV           Full path to virtual python environment
```

> This will create a virtual environment `venv` in your iBridges folder. Next to that you will find a new folder `build` and `output`. The executable can be found and started like this for Mac and Linux:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a virtual environment `venv` in your iBridges folder. Next to that you will find a new folder `build` and `ibridgesgui_dist`. The executable can be found and started like this for Mac and Linux:
```
